so hello together in this video
announced my personal opinion too
the us route
I just want to start with that
what are the main tasks of that
router is the gigabit wlan yes
So I personally find gigabit wlan
is a great thing
especially since there are just large amounts of data
what he has been able to transmit over the radio
so did not go or already went
accordingly slow
so I have to say that has me
base became a new experience
procures above all just with the
transfer rate I had so far
no possible technical method too
test
What I also noticed, though
that it takes a little time
it still the optimal setting
it was found that it was experimenting
around a bit speak to set
just go somewhere and then try
just out or is the calculated
wavelength and just touch it afterwards
Of course it will not work out, of course
everywhere be the case that one to the place
finds where you align the router
so that the frequency is just enough
that he ends up on receiver
So just play around a bit
I recommend that because of that you can
really totally different results
just by doing the router times
rotates by 90 degrees and 45 degrees turns so
that's really amazing that but not
explicitly dependent on this good
but in general
furthermore, I think that's really good
at the gross antennas
that means you can exchange
we saw at the beginning also at
man boxing I have the antenna
mounted and there is really that way
simply the three antenna connections
can occupy as you like in principle
I have the purpose for me
namely in friend a few miles
away and we have direct contact
actually above the airline
speak we can actually directly
see and that's why I have with him
experiment maybe, too
still a video will follow and although have
I share right to the gigabit router
I connected the antenna
aligned with his antenna so
that we just have a radio connection
could produce
and actually with almost full
transfer rate
and I really have to say that
I can not please everyone
router itself some fritz boxes can
not that although that's the way it is
as flagships of the router branche
be valid
So I really liked that
What I also liked was that the
router has two ports for usb
say once usb 3 1 x usb 2 and that
has the background that I have one
network printer operator no wlan
so i actually have the printer
USB to any print server
I have to do that now
just solve it by switching the printer over
USB 2 with the brother connector and one
usb 3 still falls nor any usb
such as connecting usb stick
can connect and then as nas what
Personally, I found it very simple
I am talking about everything
I managed with a few clicks
although i am now using the facility
surface immediately engaged
Produce repeater
but of course I already have one
I do not know what I have after that
me of course in the extended
I dared to say, "Settings"
has just my attitude
adjusted accordingly depending on how
I needed that very much from that
clearly I find the route gui
Although here and there one of but then
speak one or the other bug speak
sometimes English parts in the
router green as well as loading bar well
You can actually get good loading bars
also save because the principle is nothing
bring
this is just a loading bar of the
javascript was written
around the user just any graphic
to give feedback on how long it is
storing these explicit
attitude still lasts that is if
the good is restarted the
Ladebalken does not stop and somehow
then continue if the router
no, it just becomes
in principle , the javascript code
transferred on his own pc and in the
browser then run so that the load
both actually always continues
always continues to run completely independently
of how long does it actually take
it just kinda has such a dummy
element so that one sees something
for me personally is not further
Bad, that's why I noticed, but there
if you had a countdown on eg
that might be possible
almost meaningful
So you can roughly estimate how
I really need a long time now
I do not what I found so great yes
I said in the last video
the times when the password of the
password directly means that means you can
I somehow hook on
Now I want to see the password now
I want to have that censored
this does not work when typing
it will display the password immediately
I find a bit difficult exactly
so that tunnel of ase sda I hide
now a picture
the tool of asus to deal with the router
to connect speak the tool the usual
displays networks etc
if you have the password and enter
It saves it all
connect blank text so bring you
just saved the text and
just not censored that is if
I then set my password for example
I should have forgotten
Just come in and I actually have
no possibility to hide that
but it just gets straight to me
I think that's a bit indicated
difficult there just as I said when I
connect with him for the first time
or at all and I someone next to me
He has me watching that I am sitting
then every time the ask has to go away too
look or otherwise and I think so
not quite as optimal now
on the other functions, I would like
now no longer so enter that
I almost everything functions almost everybody
router can therefore leading it
neat in mind
No problems that's how it should be
his
if you still value the design
actually happy with the router too
I will personally like that
very well
But of course this is just a
incidental as a final conclusion if
I now stand before the decision
So I would buy it myself
I would say router or not
I would definitely buy from so
me from clear purchase recommendation for 172
at least the last time I was euro
looked the router is not even
so expensive
clearly he has no modern one speaks
also needs in other route to ins
internet to come or a modem just
to get on the internet
I do not think so now
bad and almost everyone
already route home has from therefore could
one this router then really only as
modem continue to use and the gigabit
router then as an access point
if I may have the router allowed
In any case, more videos
follow such as the video with
I can do the radio connection as well
then respond to your questions
I'll really jump those
possibility to explain things to you
As always applies to questions criticism
suggestions or something just a
The comment is written by a procurator
container or even facebook that's it
then so far from me to the next
Video